So let's take a look at what's coming next after discourse and what you can do about learning more of
a W-S with Python and both all three.
So this course is first of all is a part of a series of courses on A W-S saw this is not just a single
course.
Previously I had other courses like BPC and easy to.
And since this is the first part of the courses there are more of the AWOS courses are coming up.
I'm going to be working on most of the AWOS topics and courses on simply every subject of A W-S so you
can learn more about A W-S Python and bowlful three more and more in my upcoming lectures and courses
and of course with the exception of the scores I'm going to be working on and nonrecourse with our D.S.
and Dynamo D-B never going to implement our own database with an actual data and we're going to learn
how we can connect to the Aria's instance that we created.
And we're going to insert read update and delete some data.
And the same goes for the dynamo ODP.
We're going to create some tables and we're going to implement at some data and then we're going to
scan query and read and write all of those datas.
So it's going to be another great course on our ideas and Dynamo D.
And please stay tuned for that.
And of course the rest of the courses on AWOS has topics like Lambda S S S and S and much more.
So please stay tuned about my courses on AWOS.
So if you want to learn more about AWOS implementations with Python and Dynamo DP and Ardi.
And most of recourses most of the topics on AWOS.